# Public-Repo

- Github seems better in some regards for publicly sharing documents and keeping track of file edits, so I'm trying to use it instead. 
- Many of the documents were put together in the Obsidian markdown editor/personal knowledge base, which I toyed around with for about a week before I lost interest and motivation to keep writing. Maybe someday I'll get back to finishing what I started off working on, but for now I'll get some important things out of the way:
- I intend/hope to copy files over from my private Obsidian repo to this one after I finish writing them. I have no idea when that'll be, though at my current pace, the answer would be "never"...
- I don't think I can share much information that would be of use to people in Canada and similar countries who may find themselves situations similar to mine, and I'm not sure how much this information will be intelligible to such intended recipients, due to the covert manner in which the state security entities operate, the obfuscation they seemingly carry out at every turn, the technical nature of some of topics I reference or (attempt to) describe (ie., information technology, psychology, electronic engineering), and the often speculative nature of these discussions. 
- My account realistically cannot be comprehensive; the information content will probably be disappointingly sparse. So astute observers will have to try to fill in the blanks and draw inferences where they can... to be blunt, I seem to have a lot of psychological barriers that make it difficult to recount stressful experinces and lines of thoughts, and in this I'm definitely not alone: https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2019/11/lingering-trauma-east-german-police-state/601669/
- As expected of professionals, the state security entities in question have covered their tracks really well indeed. I have no damning evidence of foul play on their parts, at least none that can be produced in a Canadian court of law and meet its evidentiary standards. Secrecy and deniability are after all the _point_ of having the political police; they perform the "dirty work" in a way that shields publicly elected officials and their private backers of direct responsibility and culpability. I do have some incriminating photos and screenshots, but those can't be pinned to any specific organization, though it can be inferred that Canadian and/or US intelligence agencies are most likely involved.
- Much of the information that is of public interest may already be obsolete as of 2023. "They" apparently became involved back in 2015, though possibly as early as 2011 while I was still in high school (my father did something one day and then improbably denied my accusation, but maybe just maybe, he was telling the truth back then). In another decade or two, owing to ongoing scientific and technological research and developments in interrelated fields such as surveillance, biometrics, electronic engineering, psychology, data analysis, and machine learning and automation, and their disruptive political and social effects, it seems to me (and others I've read) that the existing distribution of power in societies will shift toward the top overall, gradually resulting in an erosion of civil liberties. So, in the grand scheme of things, it seems that the things I post will hardly matter, except perhaps to buck the trend slightly... though by the looks of it, since the events of 2018 I've been their inadvertent pawn in facilitating the normalization of odious tactics and conduct, like a battering ram against the collective psyche. In that case, I apologise. 
- To elaborate a bit on what happened then, I felt I had little choice and reacted by taking what seemed to be the easiest and surest course of action, by doing "nothing". It wasn't really nothing though... If I had more confidence in my conflict resolution and diplomatic skills, and if I hadn't been worried about CSIS and/or the CIA pulling the strings to pressure me into silence if I were to leave my Fortress of Solitude, then I may have responded in a more constructive and amicable fashion... Well, there was also my pathological insecurities (which they may or may not have purposefully stoked) and desire to test and validate my suspicions, thereby freeing myself from my psychic burden. And revenge. That too.
